Add some documentation about thechickeneater (#34)
github/entitlements-app: docs/thechickeneater.md

did this at @sigusrbacon's request to avoid making the account a target of attack. However, the obscurity of the 
account caused occasional mini-fire drills when Hubbers would discover some unknown account `thechickeneater` as a 
hard-coded user in the monolith, and elsewhere (like an org admin). To avoid that, it was decided to create a more 
obvious `entitlements` user.

> [!NOTE]  
> "sigusrbacon told me to come up with something non-obvious but bears no responsibility for my love of chicken
> sandwiches becoming a hard-coded part of the most sensitive GitHub account. I didn’t want this to have to be a
> GitHub account at all. I just wanted an anonymous API token or something. But the staff tools team wasn’t willing
> or able to do that. And we specifically didn’t want to use hubot because it was too powerful already" --kpaulisse 09 May 2024

By the time we switched over to the `entitlements` user, `thechickeneater` was already [hard-coded in stafftools](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agithub%2Fgithub+entitlements_master&type=code), already granted the
 `entitlements-master` role, and there was no longer any funding to make stafftools changes, and no stafftools team.

> To this day, `thechickeneater` still makes promotions/demotions to `site_admin` (ie grants stafftools `access` role) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To this day, `thechickeneater` still makes promotions/demotions to `site_admin` (e.g., grants stafftools `access` role) 
```

---
Entitlements requires access in order to do things like:
- modify LDAP groups and memberships
- modify github.com team memberships
- manage stafftools access

Originally, @kpaulisse created `thechickeneater` as a service account that could perform Entitlements' many tasks. He
did this at @sigusrbacon's request to avoid making the account a target of attack. However, the obscurity of the 
account caused occasional mini-fire drills when Hubbers would discover some unknown account `thechickeneater` as a 
hard-coded user in the monolith, and elsewhere (like an org admin). To avoid that, it was decided to create a more 
obvious `entitlements` user.

> [!NOTE]  
> "sigusrbacon told me to come up with something non-obvious but bears no responsibility for my love of chicken
> sandwiches becoming a hard-coded part of the most sensitive GitHub account. I didn’t want this to have to be a
> GitHub account at all. I just wanted an anonymous API token or something. But the staff tools team wasn’t willing
> or able to do that. And we specifically didn’t want to use hubot because it was too powerful already" --kpaulisse 09 May 2024

> By the time we switched over to the `entitlements` user, `thechickeneater` was already [hard-coded in stafftools]
> (https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agithub%2Fgithub+entitlements_master&type=code), already granted the

Reviewer: This link is broken, there is a rogue space between `]` and `(`.

```suggestion
By the time we switched over to the `entitlements` user, `thechickeneater` was already [hard-coded in stafftools](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agithub%2Fgithub+entitlements_master&type=code), already granted the
```

 `entitlements-master` role, and there was no longer any funding to make stafftools changes, and no stafftools team.

To this day, `thechickeneater` still makes promotions/demotions to `site_admin` (ie grants stafftools `access` role) 

> and manages Hubbers' `stafftools_role`s (ie developer, super-admin). In order to change this, you must understand that 

Reviewer: I think you mean `e.g.` here and above. But either way, needs punctuation.

https://www.merriam-webster.com/grammar/ie-vs-eg-abbreviation-meaning-usage-difference

```suggestion
and manages Hubbers' `stafftools_role`s (e.g., developer, super-admin). In order to change this, you must understand that 
```
